Make the page design fully responsive to different window sizes and device types, from small mobile phones to large 4K desktops.
Animate all changes in page content so that nothing changes abruptly.  Specifically, include at least the following animations:
- When navigating from a scripture chapter to the next chapter, slide the old content out and slide the new content in.
- When navigating to a previous chapter, slide the other direction.
- When navigating across levels in the hierarchy, do a cross-fade animation (fade the old content out and the new content in).
Now include a breadcrumb navigation element to allow moving to any level of the hierarchy.
Make any changes to the page design that you feel will enhance the user experience.  Color scheme, font choices, page layout—everything is on the table.

I struggled with most of this project except for the breadcrumbs navigation. I conceptually understood what I needed to
do for the animation, even without all the in class examples. Yet it was really hard for me to adjust my code to handle
the changes. I think the biggest problem is that the way I had implemented the next/previous chapter buttons in project
1 made the animation difficult to set up. I spent too long trying to force it to work when I would have ended up saving
a lot of time by simply rewriting those sections. I ended up changing how I made the buttons anyway. Once I got the
animation working, I experimented with having only 1 div and creating the second div need for animation on demand. That
became really hard to manage so I didn't finish.

This project really stretched me beyond my css skills when making the responsive layout. I couldn't figure out how to
code everything to appear how I wanted in my mind. So my page adjusts to sizes but its a pretty simple layout.

For the styling changes, I used bootstrap to style the buttons and links and the rest of the content. I like the standard
bootstrap styles so I thought that was sufficient. I changed the colors slightly as you'll see. I also made the scriptures
text/navigation pane larger than what we started with.

I feel like I learned a lot by working on this project but mostly it helped me realize what I don't know really well. I
got the project done and met all the requirements; but only because I have friends in the class and we helped each other
through the hard parts. I handled the javascript in project 1 really well but the html and css are clearly not my strong
suit. I'm going to need to practice this some more before the final and before I handle projects more complex than I've
had to do so far.